Allow passing arguments to rubocop (#2)
reclaim-the-stack/rubocop-action: README.md

        with:
          gem_versions: rubocop:1.18.3 rubocop-rspec:2.0.0 rubocop-<some-other-plugin>:1.2.0
```

> #### rubocop arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### rubocop_args
```

> You can pass arguments to rubocop. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to pass additional arguments to rubocop. E.g.
```
